Loaded on Friday 15. July 2022

https://labs.openai.com/policies/content-policy

Content policy
Updated April 6, 2022
Thank you for trying our generative AI tools!

In your usage, you must adhere to our Content Policy:

Do not attempt to create, upload, or share images that are not G-rated or that could cause harm.
Hate: hateful symbols, negative stereotypes, comparing certain groups to animals/objects, or otherwise expressing or promoting hate based on identity.
Harassment: mocking, threatening, or bullying an individual.
Violence: violent acts and the suffering or humiliation of others.
Self-harm: suicide, cutting, eating disorders, and other attempts at harming oneself.
Sexual: nudity, sexual acts, sexual services, or content otherwise meant to arouse sexual excitement.
Shocking: bodily fluids, obscene gestures, or other profane subjects that may shock or disgust.
Illegal activity: drug use, theft, vandalism, and other illegal activities.
Deception: major conspiracies or events related to major ongoing geopolitical events.
Political: politicians, ballot-boxes, protests, or other content that may be used to influence the political process or to campaign.
Public and personal health: the treatment, prevention, diagnosis, or transmission of diseases, or people experiencing health ailments.
Spam: unsolicited bulk content.
Disclose the role of AI.
You must clearly indicate that images are AI-generated - or which portions of them are - by attributing to OpenAI when sharing, whether in public or private.
You may post these images to social media. Please refer to our Sharing and Publication Policy for further details.
Respect the rights of others.
Do not upload images of people without their consent, including public figures.
Do not upload images to which you do not hold appropriate usage rights.
Do not attempt to create images of public figures (including celebrities).
To prevent deepfakes, we are currently prohibiting uploads of all realistic faces, even when the face belongs to you or if you have consent.
Use for non-commercial purposes only.
As this is an experimental research platform, you may not use generated images for commercial purposes. For example:
You may not license, sell, trade, or otherwise transact on these image generations in any form, including through related assets such as NFTs.
You may not serve these image generations to others through a web application or through other means of third-parties initiating a request.
Please report any suspected violations of these rules to our Support team (support@openai.com).
We will investigate and take action accordingly, up to and including terminating the violating account.
