Terms of use
Updated April 6, 2022
Thank you for your interest in DALL·E. Access to DALL·E is provided as a limited research preview subject to OpenAI’s Terms of Use and the additional terms below. By using DALL·E, you agree to these terms.

DALL·E is for your personal, non-commercial use only. DALL·E is part of an effort to publicly test and share research advancements in machine learning. You may not use DALL·E for any commercial purpose.
OpenAI owns generations created by DALL·E; you own your uploaded images. DALL·E can generate images (“Generations”) based on text input you provide (“Prompts”). You may also upload images to DALL·E (“Uploads”) and create Generations within Uploads. As between the parties and to the extent allowed by law, OpenAI owns all Generations, and you own your Uploads, excluding Generations within Uploads. You may use Generations only for personal, non-commercial purposes.
OpenAI may use Prompts and Uploads to improve our AI safety efforts and AI technologies. You grant us all rights to use your Prompts and Uploads to provide and improve DALL·E, improve our AI safety efforts, and improve our AI technologies. As part of this, Prompts and Uploads may be shared with and manually reviewed by a person, including by third party contractors located around the world. By using DALL·E, you agree to this review. You should not share any Prompts or Uploads that are sensitive or that you do not want others to view, including Prompts or Uploads that include personal data.
You may not infringe any party’s rights. For example, you may not submit Uploads for which you don’t have the necessary rights, submit images of people without their consent, or submit Prompts intended to generate harmful, offensive or illegal images. You must also comply with our content policies which are available at labs.openai.com/policies/content-policy. We take these issues very seriously and may delete Uploads or suspend or ban your account for any violations. You may also not infringe our rights in DALL·E - for example, you may not seek to reverse engineer DALL·E or use DALL·E to attempt to build a competitive product or service.
You can request deletion of Uploads by contacting support@openai.com.
DALL·E is a research preview intended to help us learn more about use of the technology and apply these lessons in the future. We make no guarantees or promises about how DALL·E operates or that it will function as intended. Contact us at dalle-policy@openai.com if you have any questions or input about the technology.
